user friendly postgres quickstart (#108)
spiceai/quickstarts: postgres/README.md

> # Postgres Data Accelerator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# PostgreSQL Data Accelerator
```

Let's keep the official name here (ref: https://www.postgresql.org/)

> This quickstart will use a demo instance of Postgres. Follow the quickstart to create Postgres instance and get started with Postgres as a Data Accelerator.

Reviewer: We should also add a sentence or two on why this is useful.

Author: Added one sentence explaining why accelerator is useful

2024-05-07T01:01:40.568738Z  INFO runtime::http: Spice Runtime HTTP listening on 127.0.0.1:3000
```

**Step 4.** Configure the dataset to use Postgres as data accelerator. Copy and paste the configuration below to `spicepod.yaml` in the Spice app.

```yaml
version: v1beta1
kind: Spicepod
name: postgres-demo
datasets:
  - from: spice.ai/eth.recent_blocks
    name: eth_recent_blocks
    acceleration:
      enabled: true
      refresh_mode: full
      refresh_check_interval: 10s
      engine: postgres
      params:
        pg_host: localhost
        pg_port: 5432
        pg_db: spice_demo
        pg_sslmode: disable
```

Save the changes to `spicepod.yaml`. The Spice runtime terminal will show that the dataset has been loaded:

```
2024-05-07T23:56:44.094995Z  INFO runtime: Loaded dataset eth_recent_blocks
2024-05-07T23:56:44.095902Z  INFO runtime::accelerated_table: [refresh] Loading data for dataset eth_recent_blocks
```

Follow the [quickstart guide](https://docs.spiceai.org/getting-started) to get started with the Spice.ai runtime.

See the [datasets reference](https://docs.spiceai.org/reference/spicepod/datasets) for more dataset configuration options.

> **Step 5.** Run queries against the dataset using the Spice SQL REPL.

Reviewer: I think it would also be cool to add a step showing how to query the same table using `psql` to show it is just a table in Postgres.

Author: Added psql section after spice sql

# PostgreSQL Data Accelerator

> This quickstart will use a demo instance of Postgres. Follow the quickstart to create Postgres instance and get started with Postgres as a Data Accelerator. Using Data Accelerator, data sourced by Data Connectors can be **locally materialized and accelerated**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This quickstart will use a demo instance of Postgres. Follow the quickstart to create Postgres instance and get started with Postgres as a Data Accelerator. With Postgres as a Data Accelerator, data sourced by Data Connectors can be **locally materialized and accelerated** into an attached Postgres instance. Unlike other Data Accelerators which are local to Spice, this enables other applications to query the accelerated data via a native integration with Postgres, which Spice keeps up-to-date automatically.
```
